OBSDOCS-912: Document how to configure audit logging for Metrics Server (#74681)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/monitoring-configuring-audit-logs-for-metrics-server.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * observability/monitoring/configuring-the-monitoring-stack.adoc

> :_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT

Reviewer: This module is a concept, but it seems to be written as a procedure in which the step(s) is to edit a config map. You might consider changing this to a procedure module.

Author: Hello @bhardesty thank you for this observation. I am intentionally including this as a conceptual module in order to avoid using the necessary procedure schema.

I chose to include this as a concept because there is this exception mentioned in the [modular docs](https://redhat-documentation.github.io/modular-docs/#creating-concept-modules):

> "Avoid including instructions to perform an action. Action items belong in procedure modules. However, in some cases a concept or reference module can include suggested actions **when those actions are simple**,  are highly dependent on the context of the module, and have no place in any procedure module."

Thank you!

[id="configuring-audit-logs-for-metrics-server_{context}"]
= Configuring audit logs for Metrics Server

You can configure audit logs for Metrics Server to help you troubleshoot issues with the server. 
Audit logs record the sequence of actions in a cluster. It can record user, application, or control plane activities.

You can set audit log rules, which determine what events are recorded and what data they should include. This can be achieved with the following audit profiles:

> * *Metadata (default)*: This profile enables the logging of event metadata (user, timestamps, resource, verb, and others). It does not record request and response bodies.

Reviewer 2: IBM Style suggests to [avoid using parentheses](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=punctuation-parentheses) in general text. 

Suggestions:

```suggestion
* *Metadata (default)*: This profile enables the logging of event metadata such as user, timestamps, resource, and verb. It does not record request and response bodies.
```

```suggestion
* *Metadata (default)*: This profile enables the logging of event metadata including user, timestamps, resource, and verb. It does not record request and response bodies.
```

* *Request*: This enables the logging of event metadata and request body, but it does not record response body. This configuration does not apply for non-resource requests.

> * *RequestResponse*: This enables the logging of event metadata, request and response bodies. This configuration does not apply for non-resource requests.

Reviewer: I wasn't sure if "request and response bodies" is one thing or two. So I think this sentence should either be "...logging of event metadata, request, and response bodies." or "...logging of event metadata, and request and response bodies."

> * *None*: None of the events described above are recorded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *None*: None of the events described previously are recorded.
```
See the IBM style guide on "above" for more information.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * observability/monitoring/configuring-the-monitoring-stack.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="configuring-audit-logs-for-metrics-server_{context}"]
= Configuring audit logs for Metrics Server

:FeatureName: Metrics Server
include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[NOTE]
====

> The Metrics Server component is installed if you configured the `FeatureGate` custom resource with the `TechPreviewNoUpgrade` option.

Author: Oh, I did not catch that it was planed to be GA, my bad! Thank you for letting me know, I will remove the TP mention.

> The Metrics Server component is installed if you configured the `FeatureGate` custom resource with the `TechPreviewNoUpgrade` option.

Author: Also we can proceed with the PR, I want to have all the checks ready so that once MON-3537 is finished I can merge without delay, thank you!
